Updated naming guidelines with element order and modifier naming scheme (#1874)
lucide-icons/lucide: docs/guide/design/icon-design-guide.md

6. Names containing numerals are not allowed, unless the number itself is represented in the icon.\
   For example: `arrow-down-0-to-1` contains both numerals.

7. Icons depicting multiple elements (e.g. a person and a circle) of different sizes must list these elements in decreasing order of size.\
   For example: if the circle is bigger, it should be `circle-person`, if the person is bigger, it should be `person-circle`.

8. Icons depicting multiple elements of roughly equal sizes (e.g. a `ruler` and a `pencil`) must list these elements in English reading order.\
   For example: if the `pencil` is either above or left of `ruler`, it should be `pencil-ruler`, otherwise, it should be `ruler-pencil`.

9. Icons depicing some sort of variation of the one element must use an `[element]-[modifier]` naming order, where modifiers are applied to each element in order.\

>    For example: a dashed circle must be named `circle-dashed`, not `dashed-circle`, and in coordination with the previous naming guidelines, a dashed circle containing a plus sign must be named `circle-dashed-plus`.

Reviewer: >  where modifiers are applied to each element in order

In which order?

In order of decreasing size?

`dashed` is “bigger” than `plus` so it is `circle-dashed-plus` instead of `circle-plus-dashed` due to size?

Author: > In which order?

In the appropriate order as defined by guidelines 7 and 8.

```suggestion
9. Icons depicting some sort of variation of an element must use the `[element]-[modifier]` naming scheme, where modifiers are applied to each element respectively.\
   For example: a dashed circle must be named `circle-dashed`, not `dashed-circle`, and in coordination with the previous guidelines, a dashed circle containing a plus sign must be named `circle-dashed-plus`, not `circle-plus-dashed`.
```

Author: @jguddas, do you think these changes will do the trick?

Reviewer: >  For example: a dashed circle must be named `circle-dashed`, not `dashed-circle`, and in coordination with the previous guidelines, a dashed circle containing a broken heart would be named `circle-dashed-heart-broken` due to the heart being smaller than the circle.

Author: Updated the PR with this version.
